Jigen:	Pull!	Pull!
A disc is thrown, and Jigen shoots it.
Jigen:	Pull!	Another!
Another disc is thrown.
Jigen:	OMIT	Pull!
Jigen shoots it, surprising the onlookers.
Onlookers:	OMIT	Wha?!
Jigen:	Pull!	Pull!
Another disc comes, Jigen shoots it.
Jigen:	Pull!	Pull!
Another disc comes, Jigen shoots it.
Jigen:	Pull!	Pull!
Another disc comes, Jigen shoots it. Jigen unloads the empty shells from his gun, at which the screen goes into a still with "Daisuke Jigen" written on the screen.
Hawaii
Fujiko is resting on the beach, a man is offering her a necklace.
Man 1:	Fujiko, give me your love.	Fujiko, I know I'm an old man, but...
Another man cuts in, offering a ring.
Man 2:	Move over! Fujiko, my dear.	Take a hike, gramps! Fujiko, I love you! Will you marry me?
Man 1:	Hey, you butthead!	OMIT
The two men get into a fight.
Man 1:	I was first!
Man 2:	What are you doing?! I'm younger! You're old!
During the fight, Fujiko quietly takes the ring and slips it in her top, at which the screen goes into a still with "Fujiko Mine" written on the screen.
Fujiko's Hotel Room
Fujiko takes a shower. She then goes to her bed wrapped in a towel, taking a letter with her. She looks at the picture of a cruise liner, then reads its contents. During the below, we see Goemon and Jigen read letters of their own.
Lupin:	The Sirloin, the super-deluxe ship, has just been completed and on October 3, she begins her maiden voyage on a world tour from Lisbon. So, I decided to host our reunion after 5 years of absence, on this ship. I'm enclosing your tickets for the Sirloin and a flight to Lisbon. Buddies! Accept my invitation graciously and fly to Lisbon at breakneck speed! See ya, Lupin III.	Hey guys, I don't know if you've heard about this or not, but the Sirloin is the first of an entirely new class of super luxury liner. It's absolutely incredible, it makes the Queen Mary look like the minnow. Anyway, she's leaving from Lisbon on the 3rd for her maiden round the world voyage, and since it sounded like a great excuse for a reunion, I took the liberty of booking passage for all of us. So, don't send regrets, just be there. Lupin.
Lisbon International Port
Fading from the picture, we see the Sirloin.
Title card is shown.
From the title card, we see the Sirloin from more angles, people on the liner waving to those on land, and a marching band. Jet liners write "Bon Voyage" in the sky, as the ship departs with fireworks going off.
Sirloin Interior
We see Jigen looking at a map of the Sirloin, a pipe in his mouth.
Intercom:	The Sirloin is the most deluxe ship ever built in this century. It cost 1.2 trillion yen and took 5 years to build. It weighs 250,000 tons. It is 500m long, 65m wide with 130 cabins for 6,500 people. It cruises 75km/h. Bon voyage!	The Sirloin is the most spectacular passenger ship ever built. At the cost of 1 million dollars, it took 5 years to complete. It weighs 250,000 tons, it's 1,500 feet long, and 200 feet wide, has 130 passenger cabins...
Jigen presses some buttons on the map, showing the Sirloin's features.
Jigen:	Restaurant! Theater! Pool! Clinic! Ski Facility! American Football field! Race track! What? Even a police station! This is a moving hotel, or more like a town! (checks watch) It's almost time to get together.	Gourmet restaurant, multiplex theaters, pool, cocktail lounges, ski jump, football field, race track, state of the art security. This ain't no boat, it's friggin' Las Vegas with seagulls! (checks watch) I say let the good times roll on!
Jigen heads off.
Pool Area
From an aerial shot, we see the area. We then see Goemon sitting on a chair, a radio by his side.
Radio:	Under the sun and at the blue ocean, stretch your body to your heart's content.	I hope everyone is having a great time today! Now we're gonna be playing some of your favorite songs...
Jigen enters the scene, pipe still in his mouth.
Jigen:	Hey, you're still a DJ fan, Goemon? You haven't matured at all during the last five years! Right, Goemon?	Ha! I thought I'd find you listening to elevator music! It's five years later, Goemon, and you're still listening to that crap.
Goemon:	You haven't quit smoking as you promised 5 years ago. Daisuke Jigen.	Yes, and five years later, you still haven't quit smoking, have you, Jigen? Perhaps you need a little assistance. Here, let me help you.
Using his Zantetsuken, Goemon slashes at Jigen's pipe. In a close-up of Jigen, his pipe falls apart, as a slow song plays on the radio. Fujiko then lights a cigarette on a jeweled holder, and Jigen notices.
Jigen:	That's a cigarette holder inlaid with diamonds. Which rich old man did you deceive, Fujiko dear?	Tiffany cigarette holder, nice! I'm guessing some rich old fart lost track of it while you were holding his other cigarette.
Fujiko:	It's a reunion after 5 years. Deceive? Don't give me such a tacky greeting.	It's nice to see your wit hasn't lost any of it's dull edge in five years, Jigen.
Jigen:	By the way, Lupin used to be always punctual. But, he is 15 seconds late. He hasn't shown up yet.	Looks like Lupin's lost his step, though, used to be you could set your watch by that guy. Truth is it used to really cheese me off.
The crowd, Jigen, Goemon, and Fujiko look up. They see a man jump out of a plane and falling.
Jigen:	OMIT	What the?!
They see a man jump out of a plane and falling.
Fujiko:	Ah! He's diving to kill himself!	(gasp) Someone's committing suicide!
Jigen:	Oh yeah? Look at his flashy diving pose!	Nah, the airplane's too low, just check out the attitude, someone's gonna make a grand entrance.
We see the falling man in full, at which the screen goes into a still with "Lupin the 3rd" written on the screen. Lupin then deploys his parachute, and makes his way to land on the Sirloin, the crowd looking on. Lupin then goes towards the exhaust pipe.
Lupin:	Aye-yi-yi... Ahhhh!	Whoa, oh... Oh, crap!
Lupin goes into the exhaust pipe, as it blows smoke out of it. Lupin climbs out, covered in soot and coughing.
Dining Area
The gang have a toast at a table.
Lupin:	Let's toast to our reunion! Cheers!	To our reunion!
Jigen:
Goemon:

Fujiko:

Cheers!	OMIT
Goemon:	OMIT	Kampai!
Lupin:
Fujiko:

OMIT	Cheers!
Jigen:	OMIT	There's mud in your eye!
Lupin:	Sorry for being late. I had stupid errands to run.	Sorry to be late, I had a minor matter to attend to.
Jigen:	Anyway, Lupin, for a lazy one like you except when stealing, this is unusual.	Tell me about it, I'm guessing you probably had to lift a Van Gogh or even two to pay for all of our tickets.
Lupin:	Huh?	Huh?
Jigen:	Because not only did you plan our reunion, but also you invited us on your dime. What a guy!	Hey, whatever, any guy who's willing to shell out this kind of scratch just to treat his old friends to a good time is aces with me.
Lupin:	Hey wait! What the hell do you mean by reunion and my dime?	Hey, wait a minute, what do you mean? Whoa, back up, whaddaya mean "treat you"?
Jigen:
Goemon:

Fujiko:

What?	Uh...
Jigen, Goemon, and Fujiko all show Lupin their letters, as Lupin looks at them.
Lupin:	Huh?	Huh?
Lupin then produces a letter of his own.
Lupin:	This is the one I received. Could you read it, Fujiko dear?	Well, I hate to break it to you guys, but I got one too.
Lupin hands the letter to Fujiko, who then reads it out loud.
Fujiko:	"Lupin, my darling. You are mean to leave me alone for 5 years! I won't forgive you! I cannot stand it any longer! So please, please, come see me on the Sirloin on October 3. If you come, I will give you my most precious..." (stops reading) Did you take it seriously?	"My darling Lupin, you've been in my dreams every night for five long years. Oh darling, I can't bear being apart from you any longer. I simply have to see you immediately. Rendezvous with me on the Sirloin on October 3rd, and I promise I'll make both our dreams come true." (stops reading) Oh, please, this doesn't sound anything like me.
Lupin:	Not really. Besides...	Or smell like ya.
Lupin leans over and sniffs the letter.
Fujiko:	What is it?	What's that?
Lupin:	...I didn't smell your usual perfume, Chanel #5 on this letter.	Not even a trace of Chanel #5. Trust me, I nearly sucked the entire thing up my nose.
Jigen looks at his letter.
Jigen:	You mean that these invitations are...	So this is just a steaming pile of...
Goemon:	...all fake?	...very bad karma.
Lupin:	In short, each of us has been tricked by someone.	Exactly, my friends, we've all fallen into someone's very ingenious trap.
Jigen:	All of us? But if you were suspicious from the beginning, why did you come?	Not you, though, you figured it out for a trap, Lupin, and you waltzed right into it anyway. What the hell's up with that?
Lupin:	It's better to exterminate anyone who wants to deceive me early on.	I don't know about you, Jigen, but I like to know who my enemies are. The sooner he shows his hand, the sooner I can show 'em mine.
Goemon:	You mean there are assassins on the ship?	We must remain as vigilant as the owl.
Lupin:	Maybe.	Exactly.
Male Voice:	Lupin the Third!	Aha!
Lupin jumps in surprise and sees Zenigata.
Zenigata:	You're not gonna get away today!	I've got you cornered at last!
Zenigata runs into the room to confront Lupin, Lupin immediately hugs him.
Lupin:	Gosh! Zenigata! Pops! I missed you!
Zenigata:	Hey, what are you doing? Pervert!
Lupin lets go of Zenigata.
Lupin:	Hey, Zenigata! Pops! I heard you had been sent to a police station in a rural area after you let me leave the country.
Lupin puts a thumb on his chin as we flashback to...
Takahata Village Police Station
Outside a police station in the countryside, we see Zenigata circling a finger around a statue, only to get dizzy and fall over.
Dining Area
Exiting the flashback, Zenigata shows Lupin a paper.
Zenigata:	Look at this! There are gods who discard and there are gods who recycle in this world. Read it!
Lupin takes the paper from Zenigata and reads it aloud.
Lupin:	"We have information that Lupin will be on the Sirloin on its maiden voyage. Therefore, we need your assistance in arresting him, as you know him best. We hereby request you to report to the police station on board. To Inspector Zenigata. From the Interpol Marine Crime Control Dept."
Zenigata shows Lupin another paper.
Zenigata:	I even have an arrest warrant from Interpol. (takes out handcuffs) Lupin the Third. Give up peacefully.	(takes out handcuffs)
Zenigata places one end of the handcuffs on Lupin's wrist.
Zenigata:	Hey, Lupin. Are you really Lupin?
Lupin:	Yeah. I'm really Lupin.
Zenigata:	I doubt it. If you're really Lupin, why did you give in so easily?
Lupin:	You haven't arrested me yet. You have no authority to do so.
Zenigata shows Lupin the arrest warrant again.
Zenigata:	What are you even talking about? Can't you see this?
Lupin:	As you know, Pops, the warrants from Interpol has to have authentic watermark on special paper as a rule since the beginning.
Zenigata looks at the arrest warrant.
Zenigata:	What? I see no watermark anywhere.
Lupin:	It means you have also been tricked into coming here as well.
Zenigata:	(enraged) Damn it! I will call Interpol right away and ask for real warrants.	(enraged)
Lupin:	Wait, Pops. We can't do much at sea. Our adversary will move first.
Zenigata:	So?
Lupin gets out of his seat, cracks his handcuffed hand, and slips it out of the handcuff. He then gets up and offers a hand to Zenigata.
Lupin:	So, let's shake hands, Pops.
Zenigata:	With you? For what?
Lupin:	Why don't we join forces to defeat our enemies for now? Then, you can concentrate on arresting me, right?
Zenigata:	Well, that's agreed. But, how do we find out who our enemies are?
Lupin:	Let's just enjoy this super-deluxe trip, pretending we know nothing. They'll take the initiative and we'll unveil them.
Zenigata:	I see.
Lupin:	If you agree... (spits into his palm) ...will you shake my hand?	(spits into his palm)
Zenigata, back turned, shakes Lupin's hand.
Jigen:	Hey! The ceiling is getting lower.
Lupin:	The ceiling?
Everyone looks up to see the ceiling shaking.
Lupin:	Jump for your life!
Everyone runs for safety as the ceiling starts to fall, various onlookers watching in horror. The ceiling slams down as Lupin and the others regain their footing. They rush back to where the ceiling fell.
Jigen:	What?
They notice some mannequins and broken wine glasses underneath the ceiling.
Lupin:	Damn it!
From another room, an unseen individual watches the event that transpired on a monitor, and laughs.
Unseen Individual:	Boy, it's fun. But this is just the beginning. The death traps will escalate little by little.
Back in the dining area, some officers are taking people out on stretchers as Lupin and the others watch.
Jigen:	I always have this toothache whenever things get tense. It must be related to stress.
Jigen walks off, entering a dentist's office in a hallway.
Dentist's Office
Dentist:	Yes, welcome! Please come in. Yes, yes. The clinic boasts the world's latest automation system.
The dentist presses a button, and a machine comes out from the ceiling, and a chair from the floor. As Jigen prepares to sit in the chair, another man comes in.
Man:	Ouch! Ouch! I'm dying with pain! Let me go first!
The man gets into the chair, at which a metal restraint goes around him, confusing the man. Some metal claws come out of the machine, forcing the man's mouth open. then a metal rope goes into his mouth, causing him immense pain. Jigen sees this, and looks around in concern.
Jigen:	What? Hey! Doc! Doctor!
Jigen searches all over the room for the dentist. At that point, the metal rope disperses, and a tube comes out of the machine. It opens, releasing a snake, as the man screams. Jigen hears this and rushes back to the man. The snake launches to attack, and Jigen shoots at it, killing the snake as it bites the man's nose. The lower half of the snake falls to the floor, as Jigen looks to the man, the snake's head biting his nose, having died. Jigen takes off his hat in respect.
Jigen:	Again, an innocent victim got killed. Damn it! Who the hell did it?
Massage Room
Goemon enters the room, only wearing a loincloth, and approaches a woman who hands him a towel.
Woman:	Here you go.
Goemon:	I appreciate it.
The two approach a massage table as Goemon gets on it. The woman gives Goemon a massage, On a close up of Goemon, he suddenly feels pain.
Goemon:	Lady, could you loosen your hands a bit?
He looks up and sees that instead of the woman from before, a thug has taken her place. The thug laughs.
Thug:	Die! Die!
The thug starts strangling Goemon.
Thug:	Die! Die!
Goemon, struggling to breathe, kicks the thug, knocking him down.
Goemon:	You fool! I'm a Jitoh style Karate master! You're the one to die!
The thug gets up and tries to punch Goemon, as Goemon counters with a punch of his own, then karate chops his neck. The thug keels over, ripping through a sheet.